for those who want to get in touch with us today the topic of the otter
announced in the promo of Saturday it is rather sardinia fun fun fun turns and goes
ad anita
honorable mario borghezio saluting money money
monetary union work catania and province - Florentine a curiosity but
how come his interest in UFOs?
but I believe that I and
sheldon political point of view general sidebar are
serious football our request for transparency
in the marcelo & b policy every day
even the most clicked sites of scientific research
space discoveries now
has no age
ones that by now nobody expands. informed beyond the
information because you have an official e
weeee traditional night
keith haring
stop superpower year
in this case handsome super you can space because united states eeee ex
rough cocker puppies unchain particular
we have kept hidden and even large organizations
military as the born to have obtained
listening at least innervated
why
reference wallpapers them news
concerning appearances of now unidentified projects
maps
air our military authorities themselves have apparently nothing
river of the covered by military secrecy for considered necessary to cover 120 tares
verb every for sighting that would result to be carried out also from
personal property of civil and military aviation
now why all this lg tribe of force in a network question
to request here instead
all tosi and @ were kept
jealously reserved a sporting even that position of the secret
military are made accessible betfair because everyone can
take vision iris fiat to convert a unar
popular bank quotation of what color is also for the assessment that tt i
citizens must bring
of this reality because the sighting of unidentified objects is not
fantasy but it is reality
if I believe that the time has come, ok too
you must identify the institutional authorities
placed in Europe
playing a normal patent have their own censorship and that institutional
these new shitters have been placed
& lt that everyone can or can view the documents
to enrich the knowledge of the universal knowledge
scientific and also that political king of this area of ​​these facts price
such only that it runs along the sea
it's not like I'm hiding from laughing
the beauty is the fact that surely we are a thousand people
reasons
claret of having seen this and that
and then we don't know very well what they saw but just as much
safer
weight man and creed
using many other informed people are
the aforementioned have been turned once instead
it's a political lightning
intended to pump obscure and the first serious sightings those I do not love do not
can be explained
common visionary behavior or fantasy ooo maybe
umbria 102 real events episodes one phenomena
the group tour cannot be traced to a reality sailing boat
facebook to connect with dance friends
you must have the right to see all the documentation available in this
meaning even during bbc that preceded the elections
the Europeans have said that
I will be
sellers to present
union a document is even cooler to the signature of other colleagues
to ask among other things
that all the secret kingdom that has been affixed comes
to these areas by all European states I believe that I can
to do in the European Parliament
and even more so to the council of europe and therefore
I will be an active part because even those who represent us at the Europa course do the
same thing very well thank you bourgeois honorable wishes for you
this battle at tremoni floor to receive compliments for holidays cast
with which you address these issues
which can be considered little library
web
we were interested in church information services
and of the hyperintense united areas of America there are great powers
spatial rm and
I was a reason there will be
among other things he
mario era is a character that is merely very close in sensitivity
i have a friend gianni seventh who was the founder of dyes us a magazine
entirely dedicated to research on UFOs in Turin, Turin, that density to know,
taccone magic, however, has nothing to do with this subject because here from turin there
it was then in the 50's 60 the desire to go and discover this territory
very very dark little known
and here under this point of view there is the immediate raw material
even in plain clothes to judge
let's restart Colonel Roberto Dosso of the Italian saunas air force
and you ok
solver, it will convince of radio listeners from padania thanks for having invited me
so don't give up
jovanotti
I've heard the truth because I'm not ready to give answers yet
that culture in society is not destabilizing
probably not even yesterday
septum plate we say just economic in our society though
they can't according to me they do more because now we have reached a
level of knowledge of this phenomenon that allows to be able to study it
to be able to have someone
observe monitors xp
so there are so many famous people who have seen the ufo bull many of
these do not speak clearly because
it may be bad publicity for them that they do not alter
publicly this is certainly the thing that has made ufologists discuss for many years
an explanation could be that a Malaysian landing maybe during the g8
the eagle would trigger such a panic reaction in the population either
perhaps of the powerful who would instantly lose their political mandate if
maybe someone up there you know then activity to do this thing if not
connected on TV we said two aliens use pinpoint tactics
they show themselves a little here, there are traces of other crop circles
things so that we terrestrials that we are so scared we are
children that we are dressed monkeys that we recently came down from the tree
hartmut we can gradually accept the fact that we are not alone
the universe
if they returned publicly, open up the sky, I would like to give you a small example in the world
Islamic many occasions have seen the UFOs even during prayer
Friday above the mecca but people think it is hell then
reactions could be terrifying burning in the 70s shot